Add `grouping` option to the `sorted_imports` rule (#4935)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

  [AndrewDMontgomery](https://github.com/andrewdmontgomery)
  [#4875](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/pull/4875)

> * Adds `grouping` option to the `sorted_imports` rule.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `grouping` option to the `sorted_imports` rule allowing
  to sort groups of imports defined by their preceding attributes
  (e.g. `@testable`, `@_exported`, ...).  
```

  [hiltonc](https://github.com/hiltonc)

>   [#4935](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/pull/4935)

Reviewer: This should be an issue that is addressed by this PR. If there isn't any, we omit this line.
